how am I feeling well surprisingly good
its stranger now
you never think this day will come I'm
going now
but if you think about it that's just
what I'd been doing my whole life I've
always been on the go
I was born in the late nineteen forties
please don't be so rude is to calculate
my age
this is Sabine pond the man who created
me nice curves huh well I left the
drawing board and conquered the world if
you're a human being and you live on
planet Earth we've certainly crossed
paths I don't care what they say I've
been around
if I hadn't I wouldn't have made so many
friends like Franken iris Khushi
they went around the world with me 25
countries in all
Nene who taught me to watch three world
soccer championships the guy's fanatic
Mary and mine this girl was born inside
I'm responsible for
and Bob this is an exact replica in
every way of the Woodstock bus talk
about a cool dude he painted me up and
made me famous of the greatest festival
in history now those were good times
then one day the announcement came
aquagenic the civil dispute that that
Corbino brazil that VW is to stop making
the compy
once these roll up the production line
the combi is not being replaced it was
such a fuss about it is like losing an
old and i had no idea so many people
cared about me i realized i couldn't
just leave all of a sudden oh it'll be
the end of an era not seeing one of
those around i made a will and i put
some very special people in it - Nene I
left my hubcap autographed by Pirelli -
Marian Maya
I left my first sketch how I looked when
I was born - Franken iris
I left my odometer with the highest
mileage possible - Bob I left an arcade
shaped just like me he's already using
it - Rolando Messina who made me into an
Italian restaurant
I left bus shaped ravioli cutters one by
one I delivered all my requests across
the world
but I still had one wish left my last
I needed to see someone again
the Sun the man who created me
technically speaking my brother
how am I feeling
surprisingly good
Oh